Added initial draft of tint docs (#1802)
amethyst/amethyst: book/src/sprites/modify_the_texture.md

# Modify The `Texture`

> The colours of the sprite will show up exactly as in the source file,

Reviewer: Should probably go with the American spelling "color" instead of "colour" to be consistent with the api.

Author: Will change in next commit, but I think it's worth noting that the Appendix A uses the english spelling in several places - is that worth changing as well?

Reviewer: The American spelling should be used everywhere. If you find places that use the British spelling you can change it.

Author: Changed everywhere including, slightly concerningly, one .rs file

but sometimes being able to slightly modify the overall color
is useful - for instance, coloring an angry enemy more red, or
making a frozen enemy blue. Amethyst has a [`Component`][doc_component] called
[`Tint`][doc_tint] to do this.

To use [`Tint`][doc_tint], register [`Tint`][doc_tint] as a new
[`Component`][doc_component] with the world and build it as part of the entity.
[`Tint`][doc_tint] will multiply the color values of the sprite by its
own values, so a [`Tint`][doc_tint] with a white color will have no
effect on the sprite.

```rust,edition2018,no_run,noplaypen
# extern crate amethyst;
use amethyst::assets::{AssetStorage, Handle, Loader};
use amethyst::core::Transform;
use amethyst::prelude::*;
use amethyst::renderer::{ImageFormat, Texture};
use amethsyt::renderer::resources::Tint;

> use amethyst::renderer::palette::rgb::Srgba;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
use amethyst::renderer::palette::Srgba;
```

fn init_image(world: &mut World, texture_handle: Handle<Texture>) {
    use amethyst::core::math::RealField;

    // Add a transform component to give the image a position
    let mut transform = Transform::default();
    transform.set_translation_x(0.0);
    transform.set_translation_y(0.0);
    
    // Flip horizontally
    transform.set_rotation_y_axis(f32::pi());

>     // Color white to show as normal, then update later

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    // Color white to show the sprite as normal. You can change the color at any point to modify the sprite's tint.
```

>     let color = Tint(Srgba::new(1.0, 1.0, 1.0, 1.0));

Reviewer: It is not actually updated later. Maybe that's why you call it a draft, but we can't merge this now since it will show up in the book on the website. If you just want this merged now you could remove the link in `SUMMARY.md` and fix it in a future pr.

Reviewer 3: I've updated the comment to match jojo's suggestion, so I think this is resolved now

    world
        .create_entity()
        .with(transform)
        .with(colour)

>         .with(texture_handle.clone()) // Use the texture handle as a component

Reviewer: Why `.clone()` the handle? Also I don't think the comment is needed.

Author: The code sample was copied from the Display The Texture page, so the comment was left in - I'm happy to remove it, but surely the clone is either necessary in both places and should be kept, or should be removed from both places?

Reviewer: It doesn't seem necessary in either place. I think you can remove it as well as the `&` in the function signature and where the function is called. (Unless there's a reason for not just using the first `Handle` that I'm overlooking.)

Author: I gave it a quick test and you're right - modified in commit.
